Meng Xianqian announced all the truth
Including a car accident involving the master
Don't take it lightly
So it came this time, but it wasn't locked.
Finally waited until today Yaoyao
I have something to tell you.
senior brother
It's very late today, otherwise it's important
Can I talk to you alone? No
What are you doing? Don't be so petty, okay?
Yangyang, I want to know what's on my mind.
What do you care about him?
You like him and everything goes to him
Avoid all danger from him
The look in your eyes
What else do people like me say they like?
What do you mean by someone like you?
What's wrong with people like you?
I don't know.
After so much
I kind of doubt myself.
Why don't you give yourself a chance?
Give me a chance.
Since you're not sure that person is him
It could be me
senior brother
You mean let's get out of here together?
Go to the farthest place
Forget all your worries
Yaoyao follow me
Give me a chance, okay?